check $XDG_DATA_DIRS for a cache when user cache misses (#329)
tldr-pages/tldr-python-client: README.md

### Cache

> Cache is downloaded from `TLDR_DOWNLOAD_CACHE_LOCATION` (defaults to the one described in [the client specification](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md#caching)), unzipped and extracted into the [local cache directory](#cache-location). Pages are loaded directly from `TLDR_PAGES_SOURCE_LOCATION` if `tldr <command>` is used. System cache in `$XDG_DATA_DIRS` is also supported, which will get queried on user cache miss.

Author: ```suggestion
Cache is downloaded from `TLDR_DOWNLOAD_CACHE_LOCATION` (defaults to the one described in [the client specification](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md#caching)), unzipped and extracted into the [local cache directory](#cache-location). Pages are loaded directly from `TLDR_PAGES_SOURCE_LOCATION` if `tldr <command>` is used. System cache in `$XDG_DATA_DIRS/tldr` is also supported, which will get queried on user cache miss.
```

> Cache is downloaded from `TLDR_DOWNLOAD_CACHE_LOCATION` (defaults to the one described in [the client specification](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md#caching)), unzipped and extracted into the [local cache directory](#cache-location). Pages are loaded directly from `TLDR_PAGES_SOURCE_LOCATION` if `tldr <command>` is used. System cache in `/usr/share/tldr` is also supported, which will get queried on user cache miss.

Author: ```suggestion
Cache is downloaded from `TLDR_DOWNLOAD_CACHE_LOCATION` (defaults to the one described in [the client specification](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md#caching)), unzipped and extracted into the [local cache directory](#cache-location). Pages are loaded directly from `TLDR_PAGES_SOURCE_LOCATION` if `tldr <command>` is used. System cache in `$XDG_DATA_DIRS` is also supported, which will get queried on user cache miss.
```
